W-12220359-NetSuiteBundle-SG (#372)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_netsuite_reference.adoc

> For more information on users, roles, and permissions, see the https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/saas/netsuite/ns-online-help/chapter_N284861.html[NetSuite documentation].

Reviewer: Kim wanted us to use "about" instead of "on": For more information about....

> MuleSoft provides a bundle that contains a role that has the necessary permissions required for your Composer integration to NetSuite. To install the bundle, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft provides a bundle that contains a role with the permissions required for your Composer integration to NetSuite. To install the bundle, follow these steps:
```

Reviewer: I tried to shorten and simplify the text above.

. Go to *Customization > SuiteBundler > Search & Install Bundles*.
. Type `462515` in the keyword search.
. Click on *MuleSoft Composer* and review the *Components* tab.
. Click *Install* and then *Install Bundle*. The installation takes a few minutes.

> After installing the bundle, generate credentials to configure the connection to Composer. Store the credentials securely since the credentials are visible only once for security purposes. If you need additional information, contact your NetSuite administrator. To generate credentials in the form of tokens, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the bundle, generate credentials to configure the connection to Composer. Store the credentials securely since the credentials are visible only once for security purposes. If you need additional information, contact your NetSuite administrator. 

To generate credentials in the form of tokens, follow these steps:
```

> * Assign the newly created *MuleSoft Composer* role to the desired user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assign the newly created *MuleSoft Composer* role to the desired user:
```

Reviewer: I think this should be an ordered list item instead of an unordered list item. These list items (Assign, create, generate) are done in an order.

. Go to *Setup > Users/Roles > Manage Users*.

> . Click on the user who will host the integration. You can use a generic account such as `it@company.com` that doesn't necessarily need its own license.

Reviewer: Can you say "...that doesn't need its own license"?

> * Create an integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create an integration:
```

. Go to *Setup > Integration > Manage Integration > New*.
. Enter a name and appropriate concurrency for the integration. You can start low and use 1-2 units lower than the maximum concurrency allowed.

> . Check the *Token-Based Authentication* box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Token-Based Authentication* box.
```

Reviewer: The above correction is in our Style Guide. (Use "click" to refer to activating a UI control; reserve "select" for making a choice among options or marking a checkbox.)

> * Generate access tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate access tokens:
```

. Go to *Setup > Users/Roles > User Management > Access Tokens*. 
. Set the application to the integration created in the previous step.
. Assign the user and click *Save*.

> * Identify the NetSuite account ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Identify the NetSuite account ID.
```

> . Go to *Setup > Company > Company Information*. You can see the account ID here.

Reviewer: We don't use bullets when there is only one list item. I suggest:

. Identify the NetSuite account ID by going to .....

You don't need the text "You can see the account ID here."
